I'm on a beach in South Devon and I've
been collecting all these stones
my name's sue Lottie and I'm an artist
and I'm going to be making a drawing
with these stones first I've washed them
and then sorted them in size shape color
and texture
I've chosen the flat thin greeny bluey
gray stones for one drawing and more
rounded yellow and white ones for the
other
when you look at a beach at first or you
can see a sand
but when you look more closely you see
stones in the sand but first all the
stones look gray or white again when you
look more closely you'll see the
different colors
all on its own tiny little stove but
then gradually I'm going to use that as
the middle one and then just work round
in there in a spiral let's see when
you're doing something like this spacing
between them is almost as important as
the actual mark
you know I was just thinking how
fantastic it is to be able to do this
I can be relaxed because it's summertime
it's not going to get dark for ages and
just sitting here quietly working away
and just listening to the sound of the
sea
the rhythm of that it reminds me
actually of the rhythm of these stones
that kind of repetition so I'm working a
lot with repetition and the sound of the
water coming in the waves lapping it's
really a real treat to be able to do
this outside
it was also thinking as well the colors
are not unlike the sea I mean it's kind
of got this lovely subtle blue color
slightly grayish and there's slightly
greeny really when you look at it
different lights as the light changes
through the day you get these different
lights and it's like this
I love being on a beach I really want to
work in this landscape
when I'm drawing with stones I look at
the structure of the landscape and think
of ways of responding to it I love
looking at the pattern and the shape and
color in the rocks taking photographs
and making sketches helps me to think
and develop ideas I take a sketchbook
everywhere sketching helps me to connect
to the landscape
in the summer this quiet code comes to
life people come here to enjoy this
natural environment the sea and the
stand
which in the very last stolen now
finished well both spirals very similar
really except that this piece really
took time over very careful spacing this
much faster more fluid both about color
and both very simple direct responses to
this landscape it's getting on now the
tides coming in and I've not got long I
probably won't see it washed away and
that's the whole thing about something
like this it's very very temporary it's
gonna be go when the tide comes tonight
and that's it it'll all go back to
nature